update default active storage processor [ci skip] (#44215)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

2. If `quality` is not specified, the variant processor's default quality for the format will be used.

> The default processor for Active Storage is now [Vips][], but if using
> configuration defaults below 7.0 it will be MiniMagick. To switch between the
> two, add the following to `config/application.rb`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default processor for Active Storage is [Vips][], but you can also use
MiniMagick. To switch to MiniMagick, add the following to `config/application.rb`:
```
Do we have to mention that prior rails 7 mini magick is default? The docs of the prior versions will already state this

Reviewer 2: Some apps might be using Rails 7 but not yet using `config.load_defaults 7.0`, so only mentioning Vips as the default might also cause confusion.  Perhaps we could sidestep the issue?

```suggestion
Active Storage can use either [Vips][] or MiniMagick as the variant processor.
The default depends on your `config.load_defaults` target version, and the 
processor can be changed by setting [`config.active_storage.variant_processor`](
configuring.html#config-active-storage-variant-processor). 
```

(Note that [`config.active_storage.variant_processor`](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/configuring.html#config-active-storage-variant-processor) shows the versioned defaults.)

```ruby

> config.active_storage.variant_processor = :vips # or :mini_magick

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config.active_storage.variant_processor = :mini_magick # default :vips
```

Reviewer 2: If using my suggestion above (that links to the configuration guide), you can remove this snippet.
